created a popover=hint example (#43331)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/global_attributes/popover/index.md

## Examples

### Basic example of popover

> The following renders a button that will open a popover element when activated, it uses only `HTML`.

Reviewer: This can be improved further...
```suggestion
The following code renders a button that, when activated, will open a popover element. This behaviour can be achieved using HTML alone.
```

```html
<button popovertarget="my-popover">Open Popover</button>

<div popover id="my-popover">Greetings, one and all!</div>
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('basic_example_of_popover', 600, 100)}}

### Popover hint

> The following renders a button that will open a popover element when activated. That popover allows more popovers to be activated, without closing the original popover.

Reviewer: Or to draw a more clearer picture about this example situation:
```suggestion
In this example, a button opens a popover that contains additional nested popovers. The nested popovers can be opened without closing the original menu popover.
```
